# E-Commerce Back End

In this project I created the back end of an e-commerce site using Express.js, Sequelize and MySql. I was given the task of a manager at an internet retail company build the back end for the companys e-commerce webpage using the latest technologies so the company can compete with other e-commerce companies.

In the back end I connected to the database using Sequilize then create a e_commerce database and seeded it with the test data. I then start my server and Sequilize my models to the MySQL database. I used Insomnia GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE routes to test for categories, products and tags. Doing this I am able to create, update, and delete data in my database.

Note to Graders: I have been having some fustrating technical issues with my computer the last two assignments. Unfortunately MySQL will not stay connected and I am having permission issues. At times I cannot connect to MySQL because I do not have permission and I cannot create a database in my commandline due to these permission issues. Due to this problem I won't be able to submit a video because I was not allowed to create the e_commerce database and test my code in Insomnia. That being said I have worked with my instructors and tutors to make sure my code looks like it will be operational. I promise you I am working to the best of my ability to solve this issue. I have spoken with my instructor Vincent and suggested that I turn in this assignment and he will go over my code as well and re-grade my assignment if need be. I will also attach my GitHub repo if you would like to look through my work as well.

GitHub Repo: https://github.com/CobyWalsh/E-Commerce-Back-End/tree/main